so what is up guys and welcome back and
today we have quite a few things that I
do want to talk to you guys about one is
that Rockstar is now allowing some users
out there to actually change your
appearance again if they have been
affected by a few character appearance
glitches that have been happening very
recently as well going over the new
update that was issued on the
PlayStation 4 today and the very few
details that we do have about why this
was actually implemented so with that
being said guys as always if you do want
to enjoy today's video or do find this
helpful
but if you let me know by leaving a like
it down below your support force is
always greatly appreciated on the
channel and with that being said let's
jump straight into this so we're gonna
start this off with the character's
appearance stuff and how you can
potentially get the character's
appearance unlocked again so that you
can change your gender or appearance now
basically what's been happening recently
as many of you may know by now there's
been a lot of character appearance bugs
in the game whether this be your skin
color changing color or your facial
features changing or your character
completely changing the way it looks and
this but a lot of bugs going around
about this now this actually ended up
happening to a good buddy of mine known
as AI crazy teddy you may know him as
that of course and it happened to him
both on the Xbox one and the PlayStation
4 now on the Xbox one it seems to have
been a permanent change something ended
up happening to his skin a skin ended up
going all scaly and stuff and he
couldn't get this thing so why he ended
up doing was hitting got the Rockstar
support pages and they replied back to
him pretty much saying that his account
has now been unlocked and the next time
he logs on to GTA 5 he can then go ahead
and change his kind of his appearance
again and lo and behold as you can see
with the gameplay the background the
next time he did the gun he was able to
change his appearance so this is pretty
damning send a lot of you guys out there
may not know about this and if you are
affected by the character appearance
bugs or you know your skin colors change
or something like that go ahead and hit
Rockstar Games up a link to their
support pages will be linked down below
and hopefully you do get the response
you are looking for and they do unlock
it and enable you to change your
appearance again because a lot of you
guys are affected by this and this is
the only way that Rockstar Games kind of
helped you guys out and hopefully they
do that so I'm not promising too much
I'm not promising that they will 100% do
it for you for what I can say is this
method of changing your appearance has
actually worked for a few users out
there so go ahead and try it if you are
if your body's issues and hopefully they
can
she helped you out so with that being
said if that payment wraps it up for
this portion of the video and now we
move on to the final part which is based
around ps4 latest update to GTA 5 now
I'm not entirely sure fees up there was
issued on the Xbox one
all the Xbox 360 all the PlayStation 3
but on the PlayStation 4 there was an
update today and usually with updates a
lot of people seem to ask me on Twitter
and stuff you know what was his update
actually for what did he bring what new
content did he bring and I always have
to kind of reply to him saying no new
content was actually issued out because
that is the same for today guys there
was no new content and not really too
much fixed is neither so basically what
the update was for was to fix graphical
downgrades now as many of you may know
by now under the new merchant versions
of GTA 5 the graphics were slightly
downgraded after a few of the latest
updates now because of this of course
rocks that didn't heed to fix this and
that they have actually fixed there and
what was actually downgraded was the
parallax occlusion which was the 3d
rendering of textures which means that
some parts of GTA 5 or some textures
seem to day when there was actually
supposed to be 3ds so rocks I have now
fix this issue and that is what the
update was for so I don't want you guys
sitting there thinking you know this
updates for content or it fixed a few
things that he's patched a bunch of
stuff nothing was patched nothing was
really fixed apart from graphical
downgrade so hopefully that has cleared
a few things up about this update in
general some of you guys may not even
noticed the updated because it may have
happened in the background while he was
actually playing so with that being said
hope you guys did enjoy today's video
that premature episode over just wanted
to update you guys on a few things that
can help you out as well as give you
guys details are not the ps4 update
sound so hope you guys enjoyed if you
did be sure to let me know about even a
like down below your support is always
greatly appreciate on the channel and
with that being said I will catch you
tomorrow with a brand new video
[Music]